README--IMPORTANT_and_progress_updates.md, before:

# tardis_impact.

## DO NOT COMMIT ads.ipynb WITHOUT REMOVING ADS TOKEN!!!

Documenting papers that use TARDIS (Temperature And Radiative Diffusion In Supernova) code.

Use the file ads.ipynb to edit the code that produces the desired list.

### You can type out notes about your progress below:

Isaac: My next step is to edit the format_arxiv_codes to exclude the 'arXiv:' and the final letter. This will allow the creation of a function that will pull up the PDF on arXiv by pulling up the PDF 'https://arxiv.org/pdf/'+arxiv_code+'.pdf'. I'm still working on understanding how the format_arxiv_codes code works so that I don't mess it up when I edit it.

Kevin (2/11/2020): The above has been done, and there is not a hyperlink for each code that has an arXiv code. Tried to begin opening a pdf but ran into encoding issues. Slight changes to the ads.ipynb and have the sample code to work with to see if we can decode a specific file for now. Changed this, I made a file using just the article names. Unsure what needs to be done now.

Commit message:

Major changed, removed the arXiv as it is not needed as we won't be downloading them as a pdf anymore. Slimmed down the code by at least 50%. Now all information is present, it must be formatted.

README--IMPORTANT_and_progress_updates.md, after:

# tardis_impact.

## DO NOT COMMIT ads.ipynb WITHOUT REMOVING ADS TOKEN!!!

Documenting papers that use TARDIS (Temperature And Radiative Diffusion In Supernova) code.

Use the file ads.ipynb to edit the code that produces the desired list.

### You can type out notes about your progress below:

Isaac: My next step is to edit the format_arxiv_codes to exclude the 'arXiv:' and the final letter. This will allow the creation of a function that will pull up the PDF on arXiv by pulling up the PDF 'https://arxiv.org/pdf/'+arxiv_code+'.pdf'. I'm still working on understanding how the format_arxiv_codes code works so that I don't mess it up when I edit it.

Kevin (2/11/2020): Did work on the requests module, found out that it was not necessary to use after time was put into it. No need for arxiv as we don't need to download the pdf as of right now. Reduced the length of ads.ipynb as a result by A LOT, much shorter now. Changed the authors, now if there are over 3 only first 3 followed by 'et al.' are presented. All data is present, now it must be formatted.
